Update installation notes (#62)
OpenMDAO/om-Aviary: aviary/docs/getting_started/installation.md

## Quick start installation

The simplest installation method for users is to install via pip.
Once you have cloned the Aviary repo, change directories into the top-level Aviary folder (not within the `aviary` folder) and run the following command:

    pip install .

If you want to also run the Aviary test suite (this is not strictly necessary), you can instead run:

    pip install .[test]

If you also want to install all packages used for the Aviary tests _and_ external subsystem examples, you can instead run:

    pip install .[all]

> If you are a developer and plan to modify parts of the Aviary code, install in an "editable mode" with ``pip``:

Reviewer: Is there a reason pip is ``pip`` here but just pip on line 5?

Author: Nope, changed!

### Installing Aviary and Running Tests

> Now, we are ready to install Aviary. Assume that you will become a contributor sooner or later, we want to install a copy from the main source. Assume you have a GitHub account. Let us open `https://github.com/openMDAO/om-aviary/` in a web browser and click [fork](https://github.com/OpenMDAO/om-Aviary/fork) on the top-right corner. You then have created your own copy of Aviary on GitHub website. Now we create a copy on your local drive (supposed `USER_ID` is your GitHub account ID):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we are ready to install Aviary. Assuming that you will become a contributor sooner or later, we want to install a copy from the main source. (You will need a GitHub account for this) Let us open `https://github.com/openMDAO/om-aviary/` in a web browser and click [fork](https://github.com/OpenMDAO/om-Aviary/fork) on the top-right corner. You then have created your own copy of Aviary on GitHub website. Now we create a copy on your local drive (supposing `USER_ID` is your GitHub account ID):
```
